Here's the one they love even more, because it altered my life.  

Adam Sandler Tore My ACL

So by this point, I was a studio liaison for Sony.  I'd handle incoming film and television production needs.  I worked with a lot of actors, directors, producers, and such... and all the way "down" to the crew.  

Adam Sandler's Happy Madison company is based at Sony Studios.  The Barrymore building to be exact.  

Up to this point, I had run into him and his crew often.  I worked with many of them.  I was in his office many times.  I played with his late pups Meatball and Matzo Ball (May they rest in peace).  I hooked Sandler's guys with the best parking on the lot.  

Now, anyone who knows Adam knows that he's an avid baller.  Basketball that is.  And he's damn good too.  

Sony has an Athletic Center, complete with a basketball court.  It has since been renovated since my time there and is now officially known as Happy Madison Square.

Anyway, I would often play pick up games with Adam and his crew after, and sometimes during, work. 

You'd recognize some of them.  

There's "Dante"...



And Jon Loughran...


    
Jon wasn't there that day, but Dante was.  

So I played a pick up basketball game with a bunch of guys, Adam, and the Happy Madison crew.  

Adam was on the other team and we actually ended up covering each other for the whole game.

  

He was Adam.  The guy you often see... but more soft spoken.  One guy on their team was trash talking me for not taking the ball to the hole.  "Get some balls man."

As I covered Adam, who now had the balls, Adam starts cranking jokes as we try to outplay each other.  He's talking in that Sandler voice saying, "Oh, he's got some good balls.  Some hairy ones.  Big hairy ones..."

Hilarious.  He makes a moves, my body goes one way, my knee goes the other slightly and POP!

Something in my knee pops.  Pain wasn't there yet, but I could feel something was wrong.  I limp.  The game stops.  I try to walk it off as Adam says, "You're alright?"  

Some dumbass from my team says probably one of the most stupid things I've heard, "Uh oh, looks like you got a lawsuit coming your way Sandler."  

I was focused on my knee but heard Adam reply, "How about I punch you in the face."  Tension for them.  That idiot knew right away that he said something stupid.  He was nervous.  First time playing basketball with Adam.  

I walked around.  Felt no pain.  So I went back into the game.  Two seconds later, as Adam made another move, POP... I GO DOWN HARD.  Throbbing pain in my knee.  One of the worst pains I've felt in my 37 years.  

Adam sprung into action.  He ran and got me some water as security called medical.  I wanted to be off the court so they could play.  Adam and Dante literally carry me off of the court.  Adam waits for a bit until medical gets there.  I tell him thanks and that I'm fine.  Go play.  

Medical checks me out.  Adam keeps checking in.  And then I'm driven to the nearby emergency room.  

I later find out that I have a complete ACL tear.  Complete.  Thus ending my basketball hobby.  Thus ending my volleyball "career".  I haven't repaired it yet, despite the fact that this happened in 2005, because my son was born a couple months later and I couldn't be off my feet.  I work from home as a screenwriter so I watch him and now our second son.  

So here I sit, no ACL.  I haven't played real basketball since.  I'm able to do martial arts though, despite a slip of the knee now and then.  

And it's all because...

Adam Sandler Tore My ACL.