On my first-ever business trip I was sent to Amsterdam to help sell some product with the VP of Sales. It was Christmastime and Holland was beautifully decked out. He suggested we walk to the Red Light District to check out the local "talent". I had heard about the District and agreed. We were dressed in suits, ties, scarves and overcoats to walk the mile or so. 

We were amazed by the beauty of the city in winter and at Christmas, and everyone was so friendly. We had to consult a map and saw a small street by a canal was between us and our destination. While we were reviewing the map a doorman came  out of a local restaurant and asked if we wanted to come in. We pointed down the street and said we were headed to the District.

"I wouldn't recommend that way," he said, "I will get you a cab". 

But we laughed -- we could see our destination not 300 feet ahead and walked down the street. It was dark. Here's some advice -- when a local resident says "I would not recommend going that way" you should listen to him. 

Two "toughs" jumped out of a basement and started pestering us for cigarettes. The VP ran for the lights and they pushed me against a split rail fence above the canal. All I knew was that if I fell in, I was a dead man. They held out their hands for money. Out came the switchblade. I can still hear it click open even now. Staring at the knife, I caved instantly and reached for the money. He looked at it and said, "You have more". I shook my head and in went the knife, right into my belly. 

One of them pushed me to the ground and the other tried to roll me into the canal with his foot. I didn't even think about the stab wound -- I held onto the fence as tightly as I could. Suddenly a car came down the street and caught the 3 of us in the headlights. My attackers ran. The driver got out, grabbed me by the lapels and threw me over the hood of his car.

 "Are you alright?" he asked in broken English. 
"I've been stabbed," I said, pulling my hand from my coat and seeing blood.
 "You need to see a doctor," he said as I staggered to the streetlight where the VP stood, impatiently pointing at his watch. 

When I stumbled over he said, "What happened?" and I told him. He looked at the blood, grabbed my arm and dragged me into a bar and yelled "Line 'em up!". The bartender put down six shots of whiskey and the VP encouraged me to drink up. After I had a couple of shots he dragged me across the street to a walk-in clinic. They opened up my clothing and the number of layers -- overcoat, scarf, tie, suit coat, shirt and undershirt -- had stopped the blade from penetrating too far. They patched me up and sent me on my way. 

I never got to see the local talent that night but the VP gave me a pile of money to keep silent about the action and his running away to leave me to the muggers. Of course, as soon as I got home I told everyone.