On the night of my 20th birthday I was slapped on the ass by Alex Rodriguez aka A-rod.



Yes, the professional baseball player with two baseball contracts totaling more than $500 million dollars in player salary, slapped me on my ass while standing on Sunset Boulevard on the night of game 7 of the 2002 World Series between the San Francisco Giants and the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim. 

The Backstory

I was a student at UCLA at the time and an avid Giants fan. The night of game 7 of the 2002 World Series happened to also be the night of my 20th birthday (I was born on October 27th 1982). Validation of the date / location of game 7 of the world series between the Giants and the Angels can be found here: Giants (1) at Angels (4), Oct 27, 2002.

I jumped on a party bus with some college friends and we made our way to Sunset Boulevard and somehow managed to sneak into House of Blues Los Angeles, which is right in the heart of Sunset strip. While on the way to the House of Blues we were listening to game 7 on the radio and things weren't looking too good for the Giants. One of the play by play announcers happened to be Alex Rodriguez (the ass slapper of note) since he wasn't playing in the Series at the time yet was a top figure in the game. We departed the bus and decided to drink our sorrows away. Luckily our fake ID's held up and we made it into the club.

Several hours later, after a lot of beer and whining about the Giants loss, we stumbled our way outside and started walking down Sunset Boulevard in search of a cab that could take us home. This is where the magic happens...

The Ass Slapping Crescendo

As my friends and I were walking down the street I happen to glance over and notice a man standing on Sunset as if he was waiting for someone to pick him up. From the angle I had on him I could make out only part of his face yet as soon as I saw him I immediately recognized him. It was A-Rod. The man-beast surely to someday enter the Baseball Hall of Fame. I was a huge fan of him because I grew up playing shortstop and this was at a time in his career when he was still shortstop for the Texas Rangers and was in his prime, fresh off of signing a 10-year contract worth $252 million dollars and a 2002 season where he amassed 57 HRs, 142 RBIs and 389 total bases.

I pointed out to my friends and they responded with "holy shit that is him!" Thanks to the liquid courage in my system I made my way over to him and introduced myself. I shook his hand and it felt like I was playing thumb war with big foot. The man had freakish hands. Like, 450 foot homerun hitting hands. 

I loosened him up with conversation like "Sorry to interrupt, but I knew it was you since I'm a big fan. I was a shortstop too!" I bet he had never heard that before. How original, Andy. 

I asked what he was up to and if he wanted to come get a drink with us. Apparently after game 7 ended he came out to the Sunset strip for dinner and drinks. Apparently he was waiting for his limo to come by and pick him up. I shared with him that we were out on the strip and I was celebrating my 20th birthday, amongst other bits of small talk.

The cool part is that the limo took 2 - 3 minutes and A-Rod was nice enough to chat with us the entire time. It allowed us to build up enough rapport, which then aided in the unexpected event....

The Best Ass Slap of My Life

Alex's limo came around the corner and he said "Alright guys it's time for me to go. Have a good evening!" He then reached out with his right hand to shake mine. And in one seamless move he slapped me on the ass with his left hand and climbed into the back of his limo and drove off. 

It was the sort of ass slap that athletes give to each other after a good game. The sort of "great fucking play!" ass slap that a shortstop gets after turning a sweet double play up the middle. It was like I was A-rod's Sunset strip second baseman I we just turned a double play at the House of Blues. Here's a good example of a shortstop and second baseman ass slap:


Naturally I turned to my friends in shock and said "A-rod just slapped my ass!" followed by a ruckus of laughter and disbelief. It was a firm slap too. It had to be coming from his 450 foot homerun hitting Big Foot hands, right? But it must be so instinctual for athletes having played sports for the greater portion of their life. For 162 games a year baseball players are slapping each other on the ass coming in and out of the dugout. As he turned to jump in the limo it must have been the same sort of instinct that takes over a player taking the field between innings. 

I immediately called my dad and my brothers and told them the story. It still makes me laugh to this day. 

A-rod, if you're reading this, thanks for the ass slap, man. I'd turn a 4-6-3 double play with you any day. The only thing that could have made that night better is if the Giants had won game 7.