My professional background is from the film industry.  I'm a screenwriter.  Before that, I worked at Sony Pictures (Sony Studios).  I started there as a security guard to get behind the walls.  I moved into an office position, became a studio liaison, then worked in development as a script reader.  

So when people find this out, the most common question I get is:  What famous people have you seen and met?

I've met and worked with a lot.  I've seen even more.

I usually throw out some names that I know people will enjoy.  But I like to tell two particular stories that people always find really interesting.  

I'll start with the small story.  

Harrison Ford

I was working a side access gate at Sony.  In a nearby stage, Harrison Ford was shooting "Two Cops", which would eventually be retitled "Hollywood Homicide".

The stage doors opened and people started to file out.  They were obviously in between shots and most were taking a little coffee and craft services break.    

Anyway, I was sitting by the gate and suddenly hear the revving of a car engine.  Loud.  Over and over.  

Being the excellent security guard I was, I walked to the gate to "observe and report" the disturbance.  A car detail shop had a number of expensive sports cars within their garage.  Somebody was revving the engine of a Lamborghini.

Louder, louder, and louder.  

Suddenly, a voice spoke near my right ear.  

"Well, that's a little obnoxious."

I replied, "Yeah.  What the hell are they doing?"

I look to my right and see Harrison Ford, a.k.a Han Solo, a.k.a. Indiana Jones, a.k.a. John Book (hee hee).  He's standing close enough for me to smell the coffee on his breath.  



Now, for frame of reference, I have a gift.  I don't get starstruck.  I just never have.  

But this was Harrison Ford, people.  

I kept my cool and we exchanged some more thoughts and observations.  Just two guys hanging out.  Okay, he's Harrison Ford and I was a security guard, so that's saying too much;)  

Everyone was called back into the stage by a PA.  

So Harrison... I can call him that, right?  We're buds now.  Harry.  Harrier Ford.  Harrinator.  Harri-Harri-Ding-Dong.  John Book... 

Anyway, Harrison Ford nods to me, winks, flashes that trademark smile and says, "It's a nice car, though."

So that's a story people enjoy.  