I was the Princeton Tiger mascot, and at a football game I "kidnapped" a live bulldog.
 
During my senior year at Princeton, I was one of two students who were the Tiger mascot.  I did most basketball games, a few hockey games (the other Tiger was a much better skater, so he did hockey whenever he was available), a few lacrosse games, and some football games.  It was an incredible experience, and I'm absurdly proud of having done it.
 
Since graduating from Princeton and putting down my mascot experience on my resume, I've probably had something on the order of 50 job interviews, mostly with law firms and judges.  I have only not been asked about being the Tiger in one of them.  People are weirdly fascinated by the college mascot experience.  Far and away my favorite mascot story, and the one I probably tell the most often, is the time I briefly captured the Yale bulldog -- not a guy dressed as the bulldog, but their actual bulldog -- at a home football game.  
 
In December 2007, we were playing our last home game of the season against Yale.  At half-time, I noticed that Yale had brought their mascot, a small bulldog named Handsome Dan, to the game, and that he was hanging out on their sideline with an older gentleman who I assumed was his owner.  Even in my sweaty, beleaguered state (our suit was terrible, but that's a different story), I realized that I had an absolutely incredible opportunity.
 
I did my Tiger jog across the field and tapped the guy on the shoulder.  He turned around, I pointed to the dog, made some sort of gesture back towards my sideline, and then reached for the leash.  The guy did exactly what everyone does when confronted with a cartoony animal mascot -- he let me do exactly what I wanted.  I'm serious.  If you put on a mascot suit, people let you do whatever the heck you want.  They will not stop you.  You can walk into rooms guarded by people with guns, you can pose for pictures with literally anyone (I have an awesome Frank Lautenberg story), and you can apparently take their pets without them thinking twice.
 
I took the dog's leash and started my Tiger jog back across the field.  The dog followed me, probably because I smelled interesting (again, our suit was terrible).  People didn't really notice what I was doing until I started moving towards the tunnel.  As I got to the tunnel, and as the dog's owner started coming across the field himself, people realized that I was kidnapping the bulldog and started cheering a bit.  I made it out the tunnel and behind the stadium before anybody really took notice.  I didn't really do anything there; I just kind of stood around playing with the dog in my ridiculous Tiger suit for a while.  Then a couple police came running out of the tunnel after me.
 
"Hey, we kind of need to get that dog back."  There was literally no way I was giving up the dog that easily.  Again, if you are in a mascot suit, people let you do all kinds of stuff they wouldn't let anyone else do.  I had just been given a lawful order by a sworn police officer.  I ignored it.  I shook my Tiger head, turned around, and began to Tiger jog away from the officers.  The dog followed me.  The officers followed us, jogging/power walking to keep up, and trying to convince me to give the dog back.  This was probably the second most awesome slow-speed chase in history after O.J. Simpson in '94.
 
Feeling bad for the officers and realizing that I was cutting it close with the end of half time, I finally turned back and jogged back through the tunnel into the stadium.  I got some cheers coming back around.  I Tiger jogged up and down the sideline a bit, but then the dog saw his owner and began to pull away from me.  At that point I dropped the leash, but not before a photographer for our alumni magazine got a picture of it.  My Tiger glove started to come off as I tried to grab the dog; bit embarassing, but other than that it's one of my favorite pictures: