I was an extra in Apocalypse Now. Me and a bunch of guys from my high school. I actually had one line ("good morning," said to Martin Sheen in the pouring rain) but it didn't make it into the movie. The making of this movie was at least as surreal as the movie itself -- typhoons (where we were stuck in a school for a couple of days without food), tropical sun, torrential rain, amazing pay (for us), etc. Martin Sheen ate lunch with us (I think now because we were about the age of his sons). We had a meeting with Francis Ford Coppola where he had us all making insane animal noises. The filming of the USO concert (Hau Phat) was one of the longest nights of my life, but a lot of fun. Flying around (over and over again) in Hueys was amazing. Etc.
Best business meeting I've had? Joss Whedon, hands down. He is every bit as smart and funny as you'd think and has a razor-sharp wit. Our one-hour meeting at CAA (aka the Great White Temple of Hollywood) went for over two hours. He (jokingly) proposed marriage to my very pretty adult daughter. He would not tell us what was in Inara's syringe.
Times I've been most scared? Other than being attacked by a German Shepherd as a kid, I'd have to say jumping off a 50 foot cliff into the ocean, or being about 60 feet down and breathing a scuba tank dry. Faulty pressure gauge still showed pressure. All that buddy-breathing stuff you learn turns out to be extremely useful. Oh also, climbing on board a freighter in Manila Bay (we were sailing around in a small boat) and discovering it was very likely a pirate ship (the guns and machetes gave it away). We got off of there as fast as we could.
I've saved a few peoples' lives or administered first aid, mostly by being the first one on the scene after some pretty horrific accidents. I was one of several people who tried to save one kid who had drowned, but we were unsuccessful.
Odd jobs: For a short time I made RPG miniatures for a (not very good) living. Ditto selling Chinese food from a pushcart. I was a circus roustabout for one day. That and working swing shift in a vinegar bottling plant (my roommates made get undressed outside when I came home) were the worst jobs I've had.
I've worked as a game designer for about 20 years now -- a lot of folks seem to think that's a pretty odd job, but it seems normal(ish) to me.
I also teach a long-distance course with a university in Sweden on AI programming. This helps me keep my hand in on doing AI research too, specifically into artificial emotions.
I always wanted to be a surgeon growing up, but went a different way. I did get to stand in on several brain surgeries for work. They were fascinating, but unlike the surgeons I was able to leave after six or eight hours.
Working with the military and folks at DARPA on advanced tech was by turns amazing and incredibly frustrating. They really do have some mad scientists there (in a good way)... but at the end of the day, you're working with a government bureaucracy. Still, I'd definitely do it again.
I married my high school sweetheart. Six kids and over thirty years later, we're still incredibly happy together.